fix(linux): Fix make install (#7434)
keymanapp/keyman: linux/LICENSE.md

# LICENSE

> The [keyman-config](./keyman-config) project iscovered by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [keyman-config](./keyman-config) project is covered by the
```
